Update Workflow with new SDK (#289)
upstash/docs: qstash/workflow/migration.mdx

---
title: "Migration to New SDK"
---

> On October 18, 2024 we released a new sdk `@upstash/workflow` for Upstash Workflow. Previously,
> `@upstash/qstash` was used. `@upstash/qstash` will continue being developed alongside QStash,
> but future Upstash Workflow development will take place in `@upstash/workflow`. Workflow
> imports will be removed from `@upstash/qstash` in a future release.

Reviewer: Some reasoning here would be good. As a user, I couldn't get what is the goal. 
```suggestion
On October 18, 2024, we released a new SDK `@upstash/workflow` for Upstash Workflow and decided to separate Workflow development from the QStash SDK. While Upstash Workflow is built upon QStash, our goal is to enhance the developer experience and support by having a dedicated SDK.
Upstash Workflow development will take place in `@upstash/workflow`. and Workflow related imports will be removed from `@upstash/qstash` in future releases.
```

---
title: "Migration to New SDK"
---

On October 18, 2024 we released a new sdk `@upstash/workflow` for Upstash Workflow. Previously,
`@upstash/qstash` was used. `@upstash/qstash` will continue being developed alongside QStash,
but future Upstash Workflow development will take place in `@upstash/workflow`. Workflow
imports will be removed from `@upstash/qstash` in a future release.

If you had started using Upstash Workflow with `@upstash/qstash`, you will
need to migrate to `@upstash/workflow`. We have made some backwards incompatible changes but we
want to make the transition as smooth as possible.

In this guide, we will explain the changes you may need to make for migration.

### Install `@upstash/workflow`

First, we will need to install the new package with:

```
npm install @upstash/workflow
```

If you were using `@upstash/qstash` only for workflow, you can uninstall it from your project.

### Serve methods

> Firstly, you will need to change the imports from `@upstash/qstash` to @upstash/workflow:

Reviewer 2: `First` is already used above. We can maybe change this sentence a bit

```ts
// old
import { serve } from "@upstash/qstash/nextjs"

// new 
import { serve } from "@upstash/workflow/nextjs"
```

We have updated what our `serve` methods return. We made this change to make it
easier to extend the API in the future.

For instance, Next.js method changed like this:

```javascript
// old
export const POST = serve(...);

// new
export const { POST } = serve(...);
```

We kept the `serve` method of `Hono` the same. The rest are updated in a similar way.
See [the quickstarts](/qstash/workflow/quickstarts/platforms) for the new way `serve`
should be used.

> Additionally, `@upstash/workflow/nuxt` import is removed. You should use `@upstash/workflow/h3`

Reviewer 2: Just to keep myself updated, why did we do this?

Author: When I first added nuxt handler, i added it under upstash/qstash/nuxt
[But nuxt uses h3 under the hood](https://nuxt.com/docs/guide/concepts/server-engine), so the handler wasn’t specific to nuxt
So we moved the nuxt handler to upstash/qstash/h3 but kept upstash/qstash/nuxt for backward compatibility
Now I removed it

Reviewer 3: Maybe you can add a small note below explaining this.
